I told you to investigate the abnormal things she did before her suicide.
Everything that you recorded is trivial stuff.
Those things were her preparations for the wedding,
like the date of the wedding photos and the time on the wedding date.
It's no use.
I also recorded that she stopped the experiment of Superstring Theory.
I knew that, too.
It must be stopped.
She was preparing for the wedding, and had no time for her experiment.
Okay. I have to go.
[Wang Miao]
[Shen Yufei]
Are you okay?
Can't you sleep?
You haven't slept well for two days.
Never mind. I'm fine.
What did the so-called farmer say today?
It wasn't settled.
How about I consult my colleague in the psychiatry department about your symptoms?
Maybe we will know the reason.
I went to a gathering at the Frontiers of Science the other day.
Many scholars were discussing the farmer hypothesis.
I told you that yesterday.
This one and the shooter hypothesis.
I didn't understand why
they were discussing these hypotheses.
[Frontiers of Science]
But I got it now.
When scientists find a phenomenon that can't be explained by modern science in their research,
they may think of shooters and farmers.
It has almost become their instinct.
You can't understand it
until you really see it.
I don't want to see it.
There are so many troubles in our lives.
I don't want to know your hypotheses.
All right.
Go to bed.
Stop it.
I'm gonna go to the lab.
Why? It's late.
Never mind. Good night.
Yesterday morning, Brookhaven National Laboratory in Suffolk County,
Blue Island, North America, exploded.
16 researchers were killed and wounded in the explosion,
including Dr. Nicholas Brown, a prominent physicist in high energy,
and Dr. John Kratah, an expert in nuclear physics.
The two of them died of their injuries.
Their deaths were announced.
[Call from Shen Yufei]
This is the third recent laboratory accident
- that happened in North America.
- Hello?
In addition, we also heard that William Ty Angel, a scientist researching frontier science,
a month ago, claimed to have seen an unscientific phenomenon.
We don't know whether his claim is related to the recent influx of accidental deaths among scientists.
♫  At the end of time ♫
♫  Spring comes and she leaves again ♫
♫  Why bother stopping again? ♫
♫  At the end of time ♫
♫  Spring comes and she leaves again ♫
♫  Can't tell a lie ♫
♫  The fireworks in the sky ♫
♫  On that night where no one was repenting ♫
♫  Fell slowly ♫
♫  At the end of time ♫
♫  The waves roar in song ♫
♫  Who gave everything they had ♫
♫  At the beginning of the end ♫
♫  You asked me what freedom was ♫
♫  Who lost what they possessed ♫
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
[Three-Body]
[Episode 4]
Mr. Wang.
Mr. Wang?
Why are you sleeping here?
It's only 8:30.
Why did you come to work so early?
Since the reaction chamber malfunctioned, I've been checking it every morning.
That's what I did at your age.
These things were all I thought about.
Mr. Wang. You are my role model.
What?
You proposed the production of the Flying Blade.
No one thought you could make it.
But only after a dozen years, you have made
this ultra-strong nanomaterial Flying Blade a reality.
Even in the field of applied physics, there are very few go-getter researchers like you.
I was naïve.
I thought molecules can be stacked one by one
by using the molecular structure, like laying bricks for a wall.
But I never thought that this massive resource consuming method
would make the Flying Blade become precious.
We can't put it into mass production.
It's no different from not producing it.
How does the chamber operate?
It has been operating for more than a year.
There were some malfunctions in operating, such as reduced sensor sensitivity and increased error.
It should be shut down for maintenance.
But you told us it can't be turned off.
It's pivotal to complete the third batch of synthetic combinations.
So all engineers are working to equip more and more supplementary correction devices on it.
These added devices also need to be overhauled now.
Yes.
So most engineers want to suspend the operation of the reaction chamber.
This lists all the errors and their codes.
[Registration Form for Reaction Chamber Use]
It's overloaded.
Again, see what happens if you stop it.
How long would it take to
completely overhaul the sensors?
Four to five days.
If we work fast, it will take only three days.
Three days won't be a problem.
Stop your research.
What did you see?
You look okay.
At our last classmate reunion party... Right in front of my eyes.
The countdown keeps going second by second.
Stop your research.
Tell me what you know.
Just try it.
Stop our research.
Shut down its operation for maintenance.
Follow the schedule you promised.
Yes, Mr. Wang.
Our team will give you an updated schedule right away.
- We can stop the operation this afternoon.
- Stop it right now.
I'm going to tell everyone.
[Vacuum Gas 2 Radio Frequency]
[Stopped running]
[Countdown stopped at 1126  05  56...]
Prior to this,
maybe you've never thought that you might be a turkey scientist.
The turkeys on the farm
are meant to die on Thanksgiving Day.
[1126:05:22... 21, 20]
[1126:05:18... 17, 16]
[From Shen Yufei]
[Shen Yufei]
Why?
What exactly will happen at the end of the countdown?
Shen Yufei, are you listening?
Yes.
It's just nanomaterial, not the particle accelerator.
My research is in the applied physics field.
Is it worth your attention?
Whether it is worth the attention is not for us to decide.
That's enough!
Do you think these little tricks can fool me?
Do you think I'm going to stop my research?
I admit that I can't explain how you're doing it now.
But that's only because I haven't snooped behind the curtain of your shameful illusionist!
Are you saying that
you want to see the countdown on a greater scale?
So what if you show it on a bigger scale?!
You can still play tricks!
Modern technology allows people to project a hologram into the sky!
With a laser powerful enough, we can project an image onto the surface of the moon!
As you told me before, if it were shooters and farmers who did it,
tell them to play tricks at a scale that humans cannot!
The question is whether you can take it.
I want to help you avoid Yang Dong's fate.
Don't scare me with Yang Dong!
Will you accept my challenge?!
I will.
What are you going to do?
I'll send you a website address.
[New message from Shen Yufei]
[From Shen Yufei]
Morse Code.
What do you mean?
Professor Wang.
Are you planning to restart your nanomaterial project?
Of course.
When?
Three days from now.
Then the countdown will continue.
Where?
Somewhere where you can observe the cosmic microwave background.
Three days from now, that's the 14th,
from one to five in the morning... the entire universe... will flicker for you.
Hello?
What's wrong with you?
Are you in a bad mood?
If you disturb my work and life like this again, I will call the police.
You know what? I'm a policeman.
Does this research center belong to you?
It belongs to our country.
It's the National Center for Nanoscience and Technology.
There's no one there after six, huh?
They lack research spirit.
There's a notice posted outside.
The reaction chamber was stopped for maintenance.
You came to see me for something?
Yeah.
Tell me about your countdown thing.
What are you talking about?
[ hou Nan, chief ophthalmologist of Beijing Tongren Hospital, affiliated with Capital Medical University]
The countdown in front of you.
My symptoms were diagnosed as muscae volitantes.
I feel something in my eyes.
Doesn't it count down?
Second by second.
That's called flashing,
one of the symptoms of muscae volitantes.
Why are you suddenly so patient with my questions today?
Shi Qiang, I'm not a criminal being interrogated by you.
Take it easy.
I treat criminals even more rudely.
I want to work with you.
There's nothing we can work on together.
The countdown in front of you has something to do with Shen Yufei, right?
I'll give you a clue.
Yang Dong also stopped her experiment before suicide.
What a coincidence.
There are more coincidences.
The scientists who committed suicide all contacted Shen Yufei.
Now, she is contacting you.
You can work with me.
Take my protection.
That's your own choice.
If you really suspect Shen Yufei, you can arrest her.
You said everyone she contacted killed themselves.
Did she kill them?
You can't prove it. There's no proof.
Protect me, huh?
If Shen Yufei wants me to die now, you can't stop her at all.
What did she say about that?
How did she threaten you?
She said I'm a turkey.
Turkey?
You are a turkey too.
Professor Wang. Are you planning to restart your nanomaterial project?
Of course.
When?
Three days from now.
Then the countdown will continue.
Where?
Somewhere you can observe the cosmic microwave background.
Three days from now, that's the 14th, from one to five in the morning...
the entire universe...
will flicker for you
What's wrong with you? You look pale.
Don't get me started. My child has eczema.
He cried all night.
I tried to calm him down and couldn't sleep at all.
My sister told me there is an effective eczema medicine in the hospital where she works.
Really? What's the name of it?
Ms. Ye.
Xiao Wang.
Granny, did you buy candy for us?
Of course. Here you are.
Thank you, Granny.
They like to play at my home.
It's Sunday.
But their parents have to work overtime, so they leave them with me.
Have you finished your picture?
Nannan.
Shall we give it a title?
Let's call it "Duckling in the Sun".
Sounds good.
Let me write it for you.
Thank you, Granny.
"Duckling
in the Sun".
June 12th,
by Nannan.
What do you want to eat for lunch?
Eggplant.
Eggplant? Braised eggplant, right?
Yes.
How about you?
Meat.
Your mom told me that you shouldn't eat so much meat.
It's hard to digest.
How about some fish instead?
See?
- I brought a fish.
- Okay.
That's great.
Well, it's time for cartoons.
Cartoon time!
Zhu Wujie, I'll give you another chance to redeem.
Yes, sir.
Wang.
Let it go.
Even if Dong were alive, she wouldn't have had children.
Marriage and children were not part of her world.
But weren't they already planning to get married?
Maybe she changed her mind and wanted to be taken seriously as a woman.
But
she didn't get out of her own world.
Ms. Ye, I'm sorry to reopen your sores.
Never mind.
Even if you are not here, I'll still think about her.
Have a seat.
I'm going to soak the vegetables for a while.
These days, they use so many pesticides.
When I cook them for the children, I have to soak it for at least two hours.
- Give me back the remote.
- No.
- Be careful.
- I'm not giving it to you.
Give the remote back to me.
Slow down.
That's Dong's room.
When Dong was a child, she lived with me in Northeast China.
She really liked the forest and nature.
When we returned to Beijing, she also decorated our home with some elements of the forest and nature.
Her bed is lined with ura grass from Northeast China.
I don't know if she slept well on it.
What is the background of this photo?
That's the antenna.
A product of that time.
♫ The momentum of revolution is unstoppable ♫
♫  Advance! Advance! ♫
♫  In the direction of victory ♫
♫ Three red flags are fluttering in the wind ♫
♫  600 million people are striving for national prosperity ♫
♫ Working diligently to make this beautiful country stronger ♫
♫ Resolved to build their mother country into a paradise ♫
[Yang Dong's Birch-bark Notebook]
It's okay.
Those are pictures Dong drew when she was a child.
Is it made of birch-bark?
The birch-bark faded from silver-white...
to dark-yellow because of time.
You even dated the pictures for her.
It was drawn in 1982.
Right.
1982.
She was three.
Usually, children of that age draw abstract lines and shapes
to express their feelings.
I didn't teach Dong...
from simple to complex.
I exposed her too early to some very abstract, very extreme topics.
That's normal in families of researchers.
But she expressed an interest in abstract thinking at an early age.
I wanted to stop her.
I told her that field wasn't easy for researchers.
Guess what she said?
What about Madame Curie?
I told her, Madame Curie was never really deep into that field.
Her success ascribed to her persistence and hard work,
but without her, someone else would have done her work.
Later, I discovered that she really was different from other kids.
For example, when it comes to a new formula,
other children might say, "What a wonderful formula!"
But she would say...
- What a beautiful formula!
It was like she was looking at a pretty flower.
Then I realized that she may see
figures and formulas in a different way than others do.
Are these records also Yang Dong's?
Those were her father's.
She listened to all of them and finally picked a record by Bach and repeatedly listened to it.
This...
I was confused.
The music played by Bach
may not attract children, especially girls.
At first, I thought she was attracted by this kind of music on a whim,
but when I asked her how she felt about the music...
Do you like listening to this music?
I can see in the music a giant is building a large, complex house.
Bit by bit, he is building it slowly.
When the music is over, the house is done.
You educated Yang Dong very well.
No.
I'm a terrible mother.
Her world was too simple.
All she had were ethereal theories.
Once they collapsed,
she had nothing to lean on to keep on living.
Physics doesn't exist.
Ms. Ye, I can't agree with you.
Recently, events are happening that are beyond our imagination.
It's unprecedented to challenge theories in the field.
She's not the only scientist to wade in this field.
But she was the only woman.
Women should be like water,
flowing through everything.
Granny, I'm hungry.
Ms. Ye, sorry for bothering you.
Let's have lunch together.
No, thanks.
Well, let me walk you out.
Ms. Ye.
I would like to ask you one more thing.
Do you know where I can observe the cosmic microwave background?
There are two places in China that work on it.
One is the Urumqi Observatory.
I remember it was a project
by the Chinese Academy of Sciences' Space Environment Observation Center.
The other one is nearby.
This radio astronomy observatory located in the suburbs of Beijing,
which is run by the Chinese Academy of Sciences
and Peking University's Joint Center for Astrophysics.
It's for receiving data from satellites.
I have a former student working there.
When do you want to go there?
Early morning on the 14th.
I'll make a call for you.
Hello?
I'm Ye Wenjie.
Well, my friend wants to go to your observatory tomorrow.
Will you be there?
That's great.
All right. All right.
My student's name is Sha Ruishan.
He will be on the night shift tomorrow.
[Bulaotun Village, Miyun Reservoir North Shore]
It's the address.
Wang.
It's not your field of research, right?
I have some things to figure out.
You look pale.
Recently, I haven't slept very well.
I'll be fine after some rest.
Wait a minute.
A few days ago, an old friend from the base brought a gift for me.
Here you are.
[Red Ginseng]
No, Ms. Ye.
It's cultivated, not very precious.
I have high blood pressure and can't eat it.
Take it.
You can slice it and make it into ginseng tea.
You're still young, but you have to take care of yourself.
Take it.
Thank you, Ms. Ye.
I'll take it.
Professor Wang.
Professor Wang, where are you going?
Stop stalking me.
No.
No taxis are available now.
The drivers are changing their shifts.
Do you need a ride?
See?
It didn't stop.
I want to ask you something.
Did you go to visit Yang Dong's mother?
It's not a duty for her normal friend.
Let alone you are not friends.
I know you educated people often infatuate with an out of reach muse.
Is Yang Dong like this in your heart?
Goddess, right?
Can you show her some respect?
Speak no ill of the dead.
I have nothing to do with Yang Dong.
You're shameless.
How can you offend her to achieve your goal?
Come on.
What did you guys talk about? Tell me.
Why should I tell you?
Ms. Ye is too calm.
Calmness is a necessary quality for a scientist.
As a mother, she is too calm.
What exactly do you want to say? Just say it.
The daughter she brought up committed suicide.
Shouldn't she be overwhelmed?
But at her daughter's funeral, she was too calm, as if nothing special had happened.
Think about your daughter.
I don't think something was wrong.
If you are good at observation and judgment, police will lose their jobs.
If you're really so talented, why do you need me?
My greatest talent is finding you.
No taxi. You can't get it.
What are you doing?
Let's go. Dinner's on me.
That's great.
Integrated information service and rescue system for the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games.
What else did Ye Wenjie say to you?
No more.
Did she give it to you?
Her old friend in the base brought it to her.
So, your conversation can be concluded that Yang Dong was a special woman,
right?
Yes.
That's a very emotional conclusion.
No reference value.
I'm not your scout.
I thought you invited me to dinner to show your sincerity for working with me.
I'm sorry you're making a mistake.
I want to get rid of you.
I answered your questions in detail.
So if you're going to stalk me again, I'll have to call the police.
Come on.
I'm a policeman.
Besides, you have said it many times.
You didn't have to pay for my dinner.
So, you must have something else to tell me, or you may have something to ask me.
Am I right?
Go ahead.
You said that everyone who connected with Shen Yufei committed suicide.
Is Yang Dong among them?
Yes.
General. The European Combat Zone informed us
to attend a video meeting of global combat zones 15 minutes from now.
- Is it a team?
- Yes.
This is an astronomical observation team from Helsinki. Nine in total.
Nine. Oh my god.
Set up the video conference.
The European Combat Zone is connected.
The African Combat Zone is connected.
This is the North American Sector.
We just received the report that yesterday, nine more scientists committed suicide.
It was a physics research team from Helsinki conducting accelerator experiments.
We tried to intervene, but we were too late.
Nine more scientists in one day.
There are so many scientists who have contacted Shen Yufei.
Why are you only investigating Yang Dong?
I have investigated all of them.
Would you be interested in the results?
No.
I'm not interested in anyone.
I told you.
I've only met Yang Dong once and know little about her research.
Among the dead scientists, she was the closest to me, so I had a reaction.
How could my reaction have anything to do with your investigation?
Why are you so excited?
Don't you want to know how Shen Yufei contacted Yang Dong?
I think you want to know about it.
Scientists committed suicide before...
According to the preliminary evidence, the victim was Yang Dong.
Professor David of Gadayork University committed suicide a month ago.
They all contacted Shen Yufei.
I've investigated Yang Dong's relationships and social circle.
But I haven't found any connection between her and Shen Yufei.
Until eight months ago, when Yang Dong picked up a call from Shen Yufei's company.
So I went to the café where Yang Dong often went to investigate
and got its hard disk that was used for video monitoring.
I finally found the video of their meeting.
What did they talk about?
It's a silent video.
I saw Shen Yufei giving a folder to Yang Dong.
But we didn't find it in her things.
It's not weird.
They are scientists and have common topics.
It's normal for them to talk about something.
But five days after they met, Yang Dong committed suicide.
What? Are you scared now?
I'm not.
Fear springs from ignorance.
Braveness springs from ignorance, too.
Scientists who committed suicide all contacted Shen Yufei.
Now, she is contacting you.
What will happen at the end of the countdown?
As you told me before, if it were shooters and farmers who did it,
tell them to play tricks at a scale that humans cannot.
Three days from now. that's the fourteenth, from one to five in the morning...
from one to five in the morning...
the entire universe... will flicker for you.
Dr. Shen, has it ever occurred to you that such a statement can kill?
The turkeys on the farm
are meant to die on Thanksgiving Day.
Daddy.
Doudou, why are you at home?
Classes were over.
I totally forgot that.
I just broke a glass by accident.
I'm not scaring you, am I?
Daddy. Our school will hold a lecture on Friday.
My teacher knows that you are a physicist and wants you to be here.
Friday?
I'll try to make it.
You can go back to your room and do your homework.
What do you think about the farmer hypothesis and shooter hypothesis?
That's the Frontiers of Science.
I thought human science had no boundaries.
Think about ancient Chinese mythology and ancient Greek mythology.
They were all farmers that people imagined.
Maybe they were scared of them, but now those can be explained with science.
To put it bluntly,
fear springs from ignorance.
Did Yang Dong have fear?
She had nothing to fear.
Her world was only about physics.
Physics doesn't exist.
That was terrible news for her.
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
♫ I've seen things you people won't believe ♫
♫  Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people won't think of ♫
♫  I've known the future you people won't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫  I've seen things you people won't believe ♫
♫  Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫  I've known the future you people won't think of♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
[Three-Body]